You just said that you can return it within 7 days, right?
I would like to return it.
No problem, please come here.
What please?
Return the goods as soon as the front foot steps down the back foot.
I see if you are here to make trouble.
You are the one who told me that you can return it.
So that's your idea?
The wind has to buy you clothes one after another
The clothes will be returned and exchanged for money, right?
I don't talk to you with respect
You dare to do it, don't you?
I'll tell you what.
What I look down on the most is you
Being a bitch still wants to build an archway
Gold Worker
Let me tell you something.
Our store is one of the largest luxury brands in the world.
If you mess up again
I'm going to warn you about a play-hunting pose
Hey, Ma Yunzhou, have you seen Xinxin?
He is neither at home nor at school
We just broke up
He shouldn't have gone far
Luxury stores can slander customers
Where is your manager? I want to complain.
Okay, you can complain.
What's up?
How come?
Who wants to complain?